feat: create `overrideDebug: [...props]` option (#728)
endojs/endo: packages/ses/NEWS.md

  under SES to specifically allow the use of `something.import()` or
  `something.eval()` methods.
- Fix: `new Compartment(null, null, options)` no longer throws.

> - New lockdown option: `overrideDebug: [...props]` to detect where a given
>   override enablement is required.  Most useful as `overrideTaming: 'severe', overrideDebug: ['constructor']`.

Reviewer: Your text suggests that the best course of action is to add a new enablement. Better to suggest they fix the assignment in question. Something like

```suggestion
- New lockdown option: `overrideDebug: [...props]` to detect where a property assignment needs to be turned into a `defineProperty` to avoid the override mistake.  Most useful as `overrideTaming: 'severe', overrideDebug: ['constructor']`.
```

Author: Thanks, that's much clearer!
